[2201.12.0] Update release notes with http and crypto changes (#9737)
ballerina-platform/ballerina-dev-website: downloads/swan-lake-release-notes/swan-lake-2201.12.0/RELEASE_NOTE.md

  The port and configuration of the default listener can be customized in `Config.toml` as follows:

  ```toml
  [ballerina.http]
  defaultListenerPort = 8080

  [ballerina.http.defaultListenerConfig]
  httpVersion = "1.1"

  [ballerina.http.defaultListenerConfig.secureSocket.key]
  path = "resources/certs/ballerinaKeystore.p12"
  password = "ballerina"
  ```
- Added the following static analysis rules to the Ballerina scan tool

  | RuleID           | Rule Kind     | Rule Description                                       |
  |------------------|---------------|--------------------------------------------------------|
  | ballerina/http:1 | VULNERABILITY | Avoid allowing default resource accessor               |
  | ballerina/http:2 | VULNERABILITY | Avoid permissive Cross-Origin Resource Sharing         |

- Introduced an API to convert an `http:Response` object into a `http:StatusCodeRecord`, which includes the status code, body, and headers

  ```ballerina
  http:Client clientEP = check new ("localhost:9090/api");
  http:Response res = check clientEP->/path;
  http:StatusCodeRecord statusCodeRes = check res.getStatusCodeRecord();
  ```

### Improvements

#### `http` package

> - Moved SSL context creation to the client initialization process for better performance

Reviewer: This is an internal implementation detail, right? Should we include it here? Maybe, we can just mention performance improvements for HTTP client?

Author: I think it might be misleading to mention it as a generic performance improvement. This is basically depends on the implementation(whether they are using a trust store with multiple certificates and whether they are initialising the client with in the resource function or at root level)

Reviewer: Then let's mention that. I don't think `Moved SSL context creation to the client initialization process` makes sense to an external developer.

Author: Do you mean something like this:
```suggestion
- Improved HTTP client performance by moving SSL context creation to client initialization, particularly when using a trust store with multiple certificates.
```

- Added TLS v1.3-supported cipher suites to the default listener configuration

> - Added support for **X25519MLKEM768** key encapsulation in TLS 1v.3

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
- Added support for **X25519MLKEM768** key encapsulation in TLS v1.3
- Removing support for *X25519Kyber768** key encapsulation in TLS v1.3
```
